Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money, they don't generate much interest. 
,I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips 
,How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner. 
,Why did the woman cross the road? Never mind that, what the fuck is she doing out of the kitchen? 
,You know, it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force. 
,Some people prefer their women young and tender; I prefer mine ten and younger. 
,Do you wanna see a magic trick? Watch me pull something out of my pants! 
,How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one. 
,I bet even your farts smell good. 
,Why are women like KFC? After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in. 
,My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart. 
,The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait. 
,Men? On the whole, I'd rather buy new batteries. 
,My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch. 
,If you go to sleep with a itching ass you will wake up with a stinking finger... 
,My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky 
,I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you. 
,Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. 
,What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit. 
,How does one know a man is going to say something smart?..His senentences start with "A woman once told me.." 
,How do you embarrass an archeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from. 
,Why do they call it PMS? Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken. 
,Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems. 
,Is your name country crock, cause you can spread for me anytime. 
,I'm as bored as a slut on her period. 
,Why do vegetarians give good head? Because they are used to eating nuts! 
,Why do women have smaller feet than men? It's one of those "evolutionary things" that allows them to stand closer to the kitchen sink. 
,Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims? 
,Is that a bat in your pocket, or does my costume excite you? 
,Did you know that your body is made 70% of water? And now I'm thirsty. 
,How are husbands like lawn mowers? They're hard to get started, they emit noxious odors, and half the time they don't work. 
,You grow on people....so does cancer. 
,The only reason the term 'Ladies first' was invented was for the guy to check out the woman's ass. 
,The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in. 
,What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood? You can't gargle sand. 
,Crowded elevators smell different to midgets. 
,How many times do I have to flush before you go away? 
,Did you hear about the gay security guard who got fired from his job at the sperm bank? He got caught drinking on the job. 
,I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said ‘Are you going to help?' I said ‘No, six should be enough.' 
,What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball. 
,Why is a man's pee yellow, and his sperm white? So he can tell if he's coming or going. 
,My best toys run on batteries 
,What does tightrope walking and getting a blowjob from Grandma have in common? You don't look down. 
,Why do men snore when they lay on their backs? Because their balls fall over their assholes and they vapor. 
,Hey gurl, how about you make the Patriots and deflate these balls. 
,Want to take a look at my benefit package? 
,Do you sell hot dogs? Because you know how to make a wiener stand. 
,I'll get you wetter than a Scottish summer. 
,Why do women prefer old gynecologists? Their shaky hands! 
,You must work at subway...cause you`re givin` me a foot long. 
